(1) What is React Js? 
React is the library of the javascript.
With help we can create spa application and non-refereshable application.
Spa (Single page application).
React Js is worked on component based.

(2) What is NPM in React Js?
Node package Manager.
It is provide environment.
It is tool which is used to install package.
And also use for execution.

(3) What is Role of Node Js in react Js? 
Environment of Js.	
Using node we can install and execute and run js

(4)What is CLI command In React Js?

   for project creation (traditional method)
    npx create-react-app <projectname> => to create react app
   cd projectname => set the project name 
   npm start => to start the react app
   npx => used to execution 

(New Method) Using Vite
Npm create vite => using we can create react+vite application.
And after set the project name. And set the package name.
And set the language which language used to you build.
And after set your language for ex. (Javascript+swc)
npm run dev => using we can execute the project.

(5)What is Components in React Js? 
	Components are block of code which can we reuse.
	or it is piece of code which can we reuse in other folder or file.

(6) What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
	Both are component where each and every component have block of code.
And header component is stored navbar and heading tags.
Content component is stored content of the website.

(7)How to install React Js on Windows, Linux Operating System? How to Install NPM and How to check version of NPM?

Steps are below :
(1)Go to node.org
(2)download Lts version (Long Term Support) and click the download.
(3)Install Node Js on your system and set all next to all pages and checked all checkbox.
 (4)check node js on you system using terminal write (node)
(5)write  npm -v (to check version of node)


(8)How to check version of React Js?
node -v

(9)How to change in components of React Js? 
	Using usestate hook we can change in component.
Hook is a special function and with hooks we can manipulation in component.
And it is return array. Where the first is default value and the second is changing method with we can change the value of usestate.
For ex. let [count,Setcount]=usestate(0);







